What's going on?
Where's Doron?
I can only tell you
that Doron went out on an operation
and I need your help so that we can
help Doron come home.
These are plans with
a lot of people and a lot of work behind them.
And the forces in Israel will join us?
They'll join us there.
And what's the target?
Amir. everything in its time.
We can't just bail out of here like this.
First we need to know
who's in Israel.
The whole operation is there in the cabinet.
Dana. how's your head?
Find time for it. don't neglect it.
I thought about us a lot
all this time and...
What do you say. maybe we
could sit down sometime properly. like?
Have ourselves a little date?
Like the old days. of friends.
I'm sorry. it's not...
It's not appropriate. - It's all fine.
Stay back...
What is this?
- What a bastard.
This is the list of names.
this is all the plans.
Listen. there's chaos here. there's gunfire.
Sudri. what's going on?
Get the teams flying there already!
This is Bella.
we're closing distance to the target.
A few more minutes. over.
Did you get what I sent?
- We got it. yes.
Promise me. there won't be another October 7th.
We promise. Eli. we promise.
We're on the way.
Don't shoot!
Eli. Eli.
Don't die on me.
Eli. don't die.
Masada. copy. this is Bella.
we're 5 minutes from the target. over.
Dana.
Dana. look. They're getting into
the vehicles.
They're fleeing the camp.
They're fleeing.
We're 3 minutes from the target.
They're leaving the camp.
I'm losing the visual. There's cloud cover.
We can't see
where they're going.
That's it. we lost the visual.
Yael. put a body cam up on my main screen.
Move. move. Follow me. follow me.
Follow me to the Pelican.
This is Bella. we're inside.
Beginning a sweep. - Copy.
Barak. enter from the north.
We're starting a sweep from the south.
Copy. entering from the north.
Reminder to everyone.
we have two of our people here.
Be advised. possibility of booby-trapped
sites.
Barak from Bella. report your status.
Copy. clear here.
Copy. the safe is empty.
- Copy.
Continue the sweep.
Masada from Bella.
I'm spotting something in the central courtyard.
Barak. link up with me.
This is Barak. copy. I'm heading
to the courtyard.
This is Bella. copy. I'm heading to the courtyard.
Masada. copy. there's a person here.
Looks like one of ours.
He's motionless.
Possibly sedated.
Brought. fixed and synced by:
Yoav1610
No sign of Doron.
We can't find him here.
Masada. do you copy?
Bye. have a good day.
Are you hungry? Want to eat?
Wait here. okay?
What. Steve?
What are you doing here?
Did something happen?
What happened? You're stressing me out.
It's Eli. he...
Steve.
What happened to Eli?
What about Eli?
From what I see here.
the shrapnel isn't the cause of the pain
you're suffering from.
What do you mean. it's not?
Look. it's not sitting near sensory
nerves as we'd define them.
Meaning. it's possible
the source of the pain isn't physical.
Your body is capable
of holding the shrapnel.
the question is what you're holding onto.
Dana. since the war.
have you seen someone? Therapy?
Have you talked to someone
unrelated to your work? - No.
Not really. I don't have time for it.
Then find time.
Your body demands it.
Now it's coming through your head.
We can't know
where it'll come from next time.
Hey. Gabi. what's up?
I need your help with Gali.
I'm coming to pick you up.
- Okay.
Good.
Does she know about Eli?
- No. no way. are you kidding?
It's also not been cleared for release.
So not a word. Dana.
No. No.
- No. Gali. no.
Nothing happened. nothing happened.
He's not dead. calm down. - No.
Calm down. sweetie. calm down. My dear.
calm down. nothing happened to him.
Calm down. breathe.
- Where is he?
So where is he?
You said he's alive. right?
Or. I don't know.
at least that you don't know he's dead.
Where is he?
Our last indication
was from a target country.
but I can't elaborate more.
Gali. I'm sorry.
Wow. that really helps me.
What's a target country?
And what's a last indication?
How long haven't you heard from him?
A few days.
Wow.
So you have no idea. basically.
- Gali. it's Doron.
He disappears. comes back... he'll be okay.
We've been in this movie before.
Yeah.
You said Boaz would be okay too.
You. from you I want answers.
Who's holding him. what are you doing
to find him. huh?
After you dragged him
back into this shit.
I don't have answers. Gali.
but I can promise you.
this is at the top of my priorities.
Ugh. enough. I can't listen
to this mind-fuckery anymore. Enough.
What priorities?
Do you think I'm some idiot?
Okay. yalla. get out of here.
Gali. - I'm serious.
Come on. get home.
I just want to tell you
one last thing.
I know you don't want
to hear me. but...
Doron is like family to me.
No. he's not.
He's not your family
and he's not your friend.
You used him.
For years you used him.
To you we're all just operatives.
right?
Agents. or whatever you call it.
That's all.
Okay.
This goes to shredding. - To be shredded.
This too.
Don't recognize it?
Goddammit. Let them sort it themselves
if they want.
Steve.
Put that down.
I know. I know.
I know.
I survived. It's just me now.
Avihai. Boaz.
Eli. Moreno. Doron.
How much I've survived. damn it.
and I'm left the last survivor.
They left me alone.
those sons of bitches. - You're not alone.
Stop. I'm getting out here.
What? - I won't go up with you.
What happened. Gabi?
You don't feel well?
I feel great.
It was a mistake to come back.
I only do harm.
I'm sure
you'll find a good excuse for Naama.
Tell me. what. are you for real?
This is your time now
to feel sorry for yourself? To run away?
We have dozens of terrorists in Israel.
we have no idea where Doron is.
Now you're doing some soul-searching on me?
Sorry. Amira. sorry.
- No. Gabi.
Gabi. - Drive.
This morning we managed to locate
the last cell that ent...
Sorry for being late.
Where's Gabi? - He had something to deal with.
He'll join us later.
Bottom line. we managed to locate
18 male and female terrorists.
all holding European passports.
At least one cell in Jaffa.
a terror cell in Haifa.
and probably a cell in East Jerusalem.
It's clear to you that we have to capture
as many of them alive as possible.
It won't be simple.
- Excuse me?
You're talking about closing in on contact.
carrying out arrests. - Yes.
High chance they have explosive charges
on them.
and this is right in the thick
of the civilian population.
That's why I want
to align expectations with reality.
The information came too late.
I really don't intend to now risk
the lives of civilians or soldiers
to protect one fighter
who we're not even sure is still alive.
Sudri. one of our fighters
sacrificed his life
to obtain this information.
We have another one missing
whom I have to find.
Do you understand that?
- Dana. that's enough.
Naama. if we don't capture them
alive. there's no chance of reaching Doron.
I have no such chance.
Well?
What? Remembered something?
He was alone.
I see.
Maybe now you've started to remember?
Yes.
I'm listening.
Now I remembered that...
you hit like a girl.
You know I can kill you.
Please. do.
Listen. Abu Kamal.
it's enough for half the group
to reach their targets.
and then it'll be a blow remembered forever.
Dozens dead in the heart of their celebrations.
I'm sorry. Said. there's no authorization.
It's a decision that came from above.
from the leadership.
I arranged everything.
I chose the contacts and the targets.
everything's in perfect order.
Enough! This matter is not up for discussion.
We're done here.
This will be enough for you
to get back to Europe.
You can stay here until tomorrow.
but the day after. you'll need to leave here.
The whole world has started talking.
and with this I'm putting
my family in danger.
And the Israelis don't have the patience they used to.
You need to understand that. Said.
Sorry. but we're done here.
Talk.
This man is stubborn.
But listen. I can smell it.
this man is a traitor like his friend.
Okay.
Masada from Panther.
copy. we're at the point. - Copy.
This is Panther 1. I'm going in the front.
Panther 2. flank from the rear.
Panther. I emphasize again.
I need them alive. - Copy.
Clear.
Don't move. Don't move.
Show me your hands.
Hands up.
Turn around.
On your knees.
Take off your shirt.
I said take off the shirt.
What's going on there?
Masada. this is Panther 1.
Copy. two hostiles neutralized.
I have one here.
he's not armed.
Make the arrest carefully.
- Copy.
Raise your hands.
I bear witness that there is no god but Allah
and that Muhammad is the messenger of Allah.
Shut up.
Shut up!
I bear witness that there is no god but Allah
and that Muhammad is the messenger of Allah.
Bomb!
Goddammit.
I'm sorry about what happened to Eli.
You would've done the same thing.
What?
Shoot someone in the back?
Thanks to that. he didn't escape.
I asked you not to shoot.
And you shot.
You shot him again.
He was my best friend.
No. thank you.
Get out of here.
Go.
The question is whether we
can trust him.
Yes. I think so.
He was behind us. he didn't run
even though he had a chance...
And what about you?
- Me?
What do you mean?
You killed a person.
And someone you knew. at that.
That can shake anyone. Anne.
It's strange that you're asking me this.
- Why?
Because I'm asking myself what happened
to me.
At night. when we got here.
I went to sleep.
And you couldn't sleep. is that it?
No. the thing is I fell asleep easily.
A few hours earlier I'd killed someone.
and I slept like a baby.
And I thought. I don't know. that it'd be like
in the movies. you throw up or cry.
but nothing happened to me. nothing.
The reason you didn't feel anything
is that your conscience is calm.
You did exactly what needed to be done. Anne.
You know deep inside.
even if what you did
contradicts how you were raised.
you're not a bad person. Anne.
You've simply become someone else.
A fighter.
Anne.
Wait a moment. Sit.
Marciano. what's the situation?
- Yes. Amiram.
Tell me you have
good news for me
because from Jaffa we came away with no
intelligence.
only with seriously wounded
and shit PR.
A police unit
managed to arrest a French citizen
from one of the suspect apartments in Carmel.
Okay. excellent.
so why do you sound like that?
The guy won't talk. He's a bunker.
We tried a bit in the field
to convince him to talk. didn't work.
No such thing.
You probably weren't convincing enough.
Two gorillas played
tic-tac-toe on his face.
The guy stays silent.
I don't know who you've got. but
you need a safecracker for this son of a bitch.
I have someone in mind.
Send him to me.
Pshhh... ya salam.
So this is where the country's
best minds work. huh?
Yes.
What do you want?
Mia? - Liah.
Where's Gabi?
- In a meeting. - Seriously.
You're the new girl. right?
The one who took down Pierre?
I have no idea what you're talking about.
I'm the old girl.
I know his nonsense by
heart.
Bye. Mia.
The names of the two fallen
from among our forces
have not yet been cleared for release at this time
and a gag order has been placed
on the identity of the terrorist who was arrested.
The hospitals also reported
eight civilians wounded
in moderate and serious condition
as a result of the series of incidents. which included...
It's not nice to ignore people like that.
...and gunfire from terrorists.
I must've been on silent.
The Israel Police spokesperson reported
that the operation has ended.
Yaara. just a second. we
can't hear you.
I see you're following along.
They must've gotten early warning.
the sons of bitches.
...moderate and serious. as a result...
Gabi. not all the terrorists
managed to blow themselves up.
We caught one alive.
We hacked into the phone
of this son of a bitch.
Everything we managed to extract
is already on your computer.
I don't know
if there's anything useful there.
Anyway.
I need you to make him talk.
There are enough good young interrogators
in the Shin Bet. you don't need me.
Besides. after all the days
I spent in Marseille.
I have work up to my ears here.
Is that so?
You know. after...
what happened in Brussels.
I told myself all kinds of stories.
I blamed the whole world and his wife
instead of doing some soul-searching.
And then October 7th came.
I ran to Naama.
begged her to bring me back to the service.
You know what she said?
We're at 120 percent capacity.
Take a number.
That's what she answered me.
And then when Doron came with Eli's
story.
I said. here it is. this is my chance.
I'm going for it.
I'm back. I'm returning to myself.
I'm Abu Antar.
I save Eli.
I save the country.
It's all bullshit.
I wanted to save myself.
To save myself from myself.
so I could...
look in the mirror again.
So I could make amends.
Some amends...
Look how it turned out. Look how it ended.
I understand.
Okay.
You know what? Maybe give Gali a call.
give her this moving speech too?
I'm sure
she'll be so happy to hear
why you didn't feel like
trying to save Doron.
It's on your computer.
How are you. Amir?
Drink.
And calm yourself down.
if I wanted to kill you.
I wouldn't do it like this.
Drink.
I like to smoke a cigarette now and then.
Even if it's not customary among us.
Help me. Amir.
Give me something so I can believe
that I can really trust you.
Said. understand.
I'm the first one Ali betrayed.
He broke my heart.
Betrayal hurts.
but it will be the fuel for your revenge.
Here you go.
It's not exactly a croissant.
but it'll do the job.
It's called rugelach.
God...
Look what they did to your beautiful face.
These savages...
Étienne. right?
I'm Captain Ayoub.
So...
Don't be afraid. I won't hit you.
I have a problem with my wrist joint.
have you ever heard
of carpal tunnel syndrome?
It gives a sort of... a sort of numb
feeling in the fingers. it's terrible.
My wrist is killing me.
Here comes the good cop...
Sorry. my dear. you got it wrong.
The ones you met earlier.
they're the good ones.
So listen. Étienne.
you've created quite a serious problem for us.
You came here with...
this grand ideology of yours.
so there's no chance
of getting anything out of you through violence.
And usually I'd say that...
your relatives should be afraid.
but in your case...
you and your parents aren't in touch.
They were always a problem for me.
My condolences.
So. no parents.
No girlfriend.
No boyfriend.
No friends.
And yet we managed to discover something
about you. something we have in common.
I have nothing in common with you.
Yes. you do.
So here it is. we both love carbs.
I want to print a shirt
that says
"I really love croissants."
Want me to make you one?
Lucky you're still young. your body
will withstand this shit. but...
Pay attention.
And you have really specific taste
in carbs.
look. you visit this bakery
every week
on the other end of Marseille.
That's a lot of effort for pastries.
don't you think?
Courtesy of the Marseille police.
I think it's very smart of you
to hide your brother from Hamas.
After all. he's too young for this shit.
You wanted to protect him.
If you touch him. I swear I'll kill
you.
I told you. I won't hit you.
I have...
carpal tunnel syndrome.
But my commanders. they...
good God...
if a single hair
falls from an Israeli's head.
your brother will get a visit.
Understand?
Bon appétit.
Gabi.
The Frenchman talked.
- Bravo to you.
Turns out they fled
the camp to Syria.
Planning tonight to enter the country
through the Jordan Valley.
Do you think Doron is part of the group
they'll try to smuggle in?
Don't know.
but I want to send a team member
who knows Doron
and can look out for him in the field.
Done.
I bear witness that there is no god but Allah.
the One and Only. who has no partner.
and that Muhammad is His servant and messenger.
My dear fighters.
The first time I saw Abu
Zaher
was in Khan Yunis.
We were little children.
but we had big dreams.
and the occupation shattered them.
Abu Zaher and I were like brothers.
and later
my father fell as a martyr
and I was forced to flee
with my family to Algeria.
And 25 years later.
fate brought us together in Marseille.
after he managed to escape
the hands of the Zionists.
and he told me...
he told me about what happened in Gaza.
about the war and his desire to take revenge.
and we will continue his path.
Today we embark on a heroic
operation
and our names will remain engraved
in history.
Does Abu Kamal approve the operation?
Said doesn't need anyone's approval.
Abu Kamal is weak.
He's lost faith.
Said will make us heroes of
Palestine.
Allahu Akbar!
- Allahu Akbar!
Steve. - Talk to me.
- Listen. I need you.
There's an indication they're going to smuggle
a group of terrorists through the Jordan Valley
and there's a chance Doron is one of them.
I need you in the field.
I'm sending a vehicle to pick you up.
okay?
Done.
Hey.
- Hey.
How are you feeling?
I was too direct. sorry.
You have the right to be angry with me after what
I did.
You didn't kill him.
It was his choice.
This is war.
Shitty things happen in wars.
Split into groups and get in the vehicles.
Quick.
Amir. Anne. you come with me.
Brought. fixed and synced by:
Yoav1610